[Docs Improvement] Add Initial Contests Documentation (#7700)
hicommonwealth/commonwealth: knowledge_base/Contests.md

# Contests

Contests is a new feature available for communities on Common. This document outlines the implementation of Contests on our platform.

## Basic Rules

Each community may have only one contest running. Contests continue to run even if the prize pool is empty, but no payments will be made to winners in such cases.

Admins cannot interfere with the content submission and voting processes. To be able to change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.

> On-chain data submission will be conducted and sponsored by Commonwealth Labs. The Common platform will not get any fee or share from the contests.

Reviewer: Common does get a fee from contest distributions. I think 10% was proposed, but check with product on specifics

Contests logic is managed by `Contest.sol`, and financial processes by the `FeeManager.sol` contract.

## Contest Funding and Economics

Contest prizes are primarily funded through the namespace’s Community Stake transaction commissions. This will be used by the `FeeManager.sol` contract, and CommunityStake fees generated from the community's staking activities will be directed to the contest contract. Additionally, direct transfers to the contest contract are also supported.

> Contest project will be able to utilize both ETH and ERC20 tokens. As of 240506, there is no additional funding plan for the contest project.

Author: Yep, has been YYMMDD since the get—I've seen this as an emerging standard in developer communities for datestamping because it avoids American vs International confusions (MMDDYY vs DDMMYY) and can be chronologically sorted using generic sort algorithms. See the "Indexicality & Timestamps" section of the Common Knowledge README (tho come to think of it, I should rename to "Indexicality & Datestamps" for clarity's sake).

### Contest Pool and Prizes

Common content that receives the most votes will be rewarded with the weekly contest prize.

Prizes will be distributed based on the following variables:

> - `winnerShares` (`uint256[]`): The percentage of shares awarded to each respective placement in the contest, e.g. `[25, 15]` designates a `25%` and `15%` payout to first and second place.

Reviewer: Maybe include 2-3 numbers that add up to 100 for simplicity and accuracy

# Contests

Contests is a new feature, based on contest contracts, available for communities on Common. This document outlines the implementation of Contests on our platform.

> A contest contract is an on-chain, repeating game which receives (1) content submissions (2) votes on submitted content. It then determines the winning content based on relative voting power applied.

Reviewer 2: and*

Common Contests are an application of contest contracts using Common content. Winners receive a token-denominated prize from a community-designated pool.

## Basic Rules

> Each community may have only one contest running. Contests continue to run even if the prize pool is empty, but no payments will be made to winners in such cases.

Reviewer 2: At most one?

Admins cannot interfere with the content submission and voting processes. To be able to change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.

On-chain data submission will be conducted and sponsored by Commonwealth Labs. As of 240509, Common takes a 10% fee from contest distributions.

Contests logic is managed by `Contest.sol`, and financial processes by the `FeeManager.sol` contract.

## Contest Funding and Economics

Contest prizes are primarily funded through the namespace’s Community Stake transaction commissions. This will be used by the `FeeManager.sol` contract, and CommunityStake fees generated from the community's staking activities will be directed to the contest contract. Additionally, direct transfers to the contest contract are also supported.

Contest project will be able to utilize both ETH and ERC20 tokens. As of 240506, there is no additional funding plan for the contest project.

### Contest Pool and Prizes

> Common content that receives the most votes will be rewarded with the weekly contest prize.

Reviewer 2: Is it necessarily weekly?

# Contests

Contests is a new feature, based on contest contracts, available for communities on Common. This document outlines the implementation of Contests on our platform.

> A contest contract is an on-chain, repeating game which receives content submissions and votes on submitted content. It then determines the winning content based on relative voting power applied.

Reviewer 3: It can be repeating or one time game in our implementation.

> A contest contract is an on-chain, repeating game which receives content submissions and votes on submitted content. It then determines the winning content based on relative voting power applied.

Author: ```suggestion
A contest contract is an on-chain, one-shot or iterated game which receives content submissions and votes on submitted content. It then determines the winning content based on relative voting power applied.
```

Common Contests are an application of contest contracts using Common content. Winners receive a token-denominated prize from a community-designated pool.

## Basic Rules

Each community may have at most one contest running. Contests continue to run even if the prize pool is empty, but no payments will be made to winners in such cases.

> Admins cannot interfere with the content submission and voting processes. To be able to change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.

Reviewer 3: Admins can change prize share however it will only effect the following cycle, not the current running cycle.

> Admins cannot interfere with the content submission and voting processes. To be able to change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Admins cannot alter the content submission and voting processes. They may alter a contest's prize share, but changes will only affect the following cycle, and the current running cycle will continue unaltered. To be change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.
```

> Admins cannot alter the content submission and voting processes. They may alter a contest's prize share, but changes will only affect the following cycle, and the current running cycle will continue unaltered. To be change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Admins cannot alter the content submission and voting processes. They may alter a contest's prize share, but changes will only affect the following cycle, and the current running cycle will continue unaltered. To change constructor variables, admins must deploy a new contest contract with their new desired variables.
```

On-chain data submission will be conducted and sponsored by Commonwealth Labs. As of 240509, Common takes a 10% fee from contest distributions.

> Contests logic is managed by `Contest.sol`, and financial processes by the `FeeManager.sol` contract.

Reviewer 3: There is no wrong information here but we can expand the details.

Author: Anything particular you have in mind? I guess I figured that engineers could learn the details by heading to the contract files, and mainly just wanted to point them in the right place. But perhaps there are specific macro-level dynamics worth flagging?

## Contest Funding and Economics

> Contest prizes are primarily funded through the namespace’s Community Stake transaction commissions. This will be used by the `FeeManager.sol` contract, and CommunityStake fees generated from the community's staking activities will be directed to the contest contract. Additionally, direct transfers to the contest contract are also supported.

Reviewer 3: We can consider to update this part as follows:

Contest prizes are primarily funded through the namespace’s Community Stake transaction commissions. These transaction commissions will be collected by the `FeeManager.sol` contract, and CommunityStake fees generated from the community's staking activities will be directed to the contest contract based on the share of the community stake in the `FeeManager.sol` contract. Additionally, direct transfers to the contest contract are also supported.

> Contest prizes are primarily funded through the namespace’s Community Stake transaction commissions. This will be used by the `FeeManager.sol` contract, and CommunityStake fees generated from the community's staking activities will be directed to the contest contract. Additionally, direct transfers to the contest contract are also supported.

Author: ```suggestion
Contest prizes are primarily funded through the namespace’s Community Stake transaction commissions. These transaction commissions will be collected by the `FeeManager.sol` contract, and CommunityStake fees generated from the community's staking activities will be directed to the contest contract based on the share of the community stake in the `FeeManager.sol` contract. Additionally, direct transfers to the contest contract are also supported.
```
